[Music]
six ways to survive wild animal attacks
do you know what to do if you find a
mountain lion blocking your path how
should you react if confronted by an
angry wolf encountering wild animals can
turn a fun day in the Sun into the fight
of your life before you head out for a
hike or to the sea keep watching to
learn how to react to these six
dangerous animals and make sure you live
to tell the tale and don't forget to
click the subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life
six grizzly bear bears might be cute
when they're stuffed animal toys but
encountering one in real life can be a
terrifying experience a grizzly bear is
simply a brown bear and there are among
the most aggressive attackers of their
species if you're out in the middle of a
forest and encounter a grizzly bear do
not try to outrun it the Bears can
charge it up to 40 miles per hour so no
human not even the fastest human in the
world Usain Bolt can outrun one if the
bear has noticed you do not make direct
eye contact simply begin to walk away if
the bear starts to approach you stand
your ground wave your arms and speak
loudly enough that the bear can hear you
bears need to know that you are human
and that you're not threatening to harm
them if this doesn't work and the bear
charges at you if you have bear spray
this would be the time to use it if the
bear actually attacks curl up on your
side and play dead
make sure you've waited long enough and
that the bear has left the area before
seeking help
[Music]
five bison you're more likely to
encounter the American bison in a
location like Yellowstone National Park
or while on a tourist expedition every
year there are several bison attacks
they usually involve people who've
forgotten that bison are wild animals
and have ventured too close to them if
you approach a bison you risk being
gutted aboard and stomped on if they
charge at you they can throw you into
the air and the impact can leave you
unconscious with minor to serious
injuries they can weigh up to 2,200
pounds so you really don't want to be in
this position in faux bison charges at
you run for cover as quickly as you can
they might look a little slow because
they're so heavy but they will catch up
with you if you don't hurry find cover
behind a large boulder or another large
object move around it if the Bison is
still trying to get to you if the Bison
keeps pursuing you climb a tree the
Bison will eventually leave you alone
remember that a bison doesn't want to
eat you
it's just upset at your proximity for
sharp if a nice day at sea turns into a
life-or-death situation and you find
yourself surrounded by a shark don't
panic if the shark is close to you but
appears to be just passing by curl
yourself up into a ball as best you can
and keep your splashing to a minimum if
it's circling you don't turn your back
on it and maintain eye contact many
sharks like to surprise their prey so if
it sees you watching it it might leave
you alone in this case try to retreat by
swimming away slowly into shallow waters
a shark might attack if he thinks he has
to compete with you her food or thinks
you're a big fish if the situation
escalates and it begins to attack you
try to punch some of the Sharks
sensitive spots the nose is a good
target but doing this can leave
hands too close to the shark's mouth
another good spot is the gills which are
extremely sensitive a good punch there
just might make the shark retreat three
mountain lion also referred to as
Cougars mountain lions usually keep to
themselves
and it's rare to spot one when you are
faced with one it can be a daunting
situation as a fully grown mountain lion
can weigh up to 200 pounds and they are
powerful hunters the best way to prevent
an attack is to hike with a partner and
leave your dogs at home if you are alone
and you encounter a mountain lion on
your trail you need to channel your
inner hunter the mountain lion will
assess if you are prey this isn't the
time to be shy you need to tell the
Cougar that you are the boss in this
situation and that you won't go down
without a fight
make yourself larger than you are by
using your clothes and extending your
arms talk or yell at it stand your
ground and maintain eye contact
never run or turn your back on a cougar
sometimes as soon as it realizes you're
human
it'll retreat if you forget what to do
in the moment and the mountain lion
attacks
do not play death instead fight with all
your might and stay standing to
crocodile if the crocodile is on land
and gives chase run away as fast as you
can in a straight line
most crocodiles are only protecting
their territory when they try to chase
humans if you are in the water and a
crocodile bites you you need to fight
with all your effort crocodiles have the
strongest bite of any animal currently
living and they're rivaled only by the
great white shark saltwater crocodiles
can chomp down with a bite force of
3,700 pounds per square inch so if a
crocodile has bitten a part of your body
there's no chance you'll be able to open
the crocodile's jaws the skin is so
thick that you won't be able to pierce
it and the crocodiles head is made
almost entirely of bones
so you
can't really damage it with your body a
crocodile's only vulnerable spot is its
eyes if you find yourself in this
unfortunate situation Ram your fingers
into the crocodiles eyes or punch them
the crocodile knows that its eyes are
weak spots that must be protected so
this is the best chance of the crocodile
letting you go one wolf if you find a
wolf your number one goal should be to
prevent the encounter from escalating
into an attack
wolves can chase you at speeds of up to
38 miles per hour so you'll have to
fight your instinct to run if you do run
you'll trigger the wolf's instinct to
attack you even if you're hardcore in
everyday life you'll need to turn
yourself into a submissive person so
that the wolf won't see you as a threat
lower your head don't make eye contact
and bend down slightly if the wolf isn't
buying your AK it might begin to snarl
or a bunch at you if it does it's time
to change strategies and turn from
submissive to hardcore you need to show
the wolf that you are not an easy target
shout loudly and become aggressive the
wolf might still keep you in sight but
he might back off just enough for you to
make your escape do not turn your back
on the wolf try to find a group of
people get to a fire or climb a tree a
wolf can't follow you up if you can't
escape fight back with everything you
have try to strike the wolf space and
nose as they are highly sensitive
hopefully you've learned some
life-saving skills to come out
triumphant in all these situations so
tell us bright siders have you
encountered any wild animals let us know
in the comments section don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
you